---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: false
daily-poker: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-02-10|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-02-11]] ==>[[Journal/2023-02-12|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-02-11"))
)
```



# Journaling
Was really tired from the imbalanced last days. Looking forward to go jogging around lunch time again.
Now that I've decided I want to compete over business results as well, and therefore I'm looking more for where my edge over the competition is rather than what activities are simply fun doing, I find I gain both interest in Chinese and in Python again. Integrating Chinese back into my life was quite easy to begin with, as I could just replace all other learning activities with Chinese exercises and even go for higher levels of learning already due to the experience level.
With Python I still feel like I would need to replace the Godot and writing stuff to do it. I wonder if there's a smoother transition or way to integrate both. I've always been a visual person, and now I've also got some UI and drawing skills, as well as improved writing skills. I don't want to lose these completely, as I feel these are super important to bring the tech know how to the people.
Thinking. But first I want to finish the current game any way. I really don't like having a ton of unfinished topics laying around. Rather close one task, then open the next.
What about doing [demo showreels like this one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kKp0oguzr8)?
This [RPG Maker](https://www.rpginabox.com/) might be just what I was looking for. A more specific foundation for the things I want to build my world in.