---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: true
daily-language: true
daily-mind: false
daily-gamedev: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-04-02|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-04-03]] ==>[[Journal/2023-04-04|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-04-03"))
)
```



# Journaling

Have been to the best bar I have ever been. Very warm and trusting atmosphere. The cigarette smell wasn't too bad. I wonder if they use an air ventilation system. And the music wasn't annoying either.
I found a lot of attractive women, however in this setting there is nothing between eye contact and sex that I could imagine doing. Because there is no doing, there is no talking either.
For some time I just sat there, enjoying the atmosphere and being angry about not doing anything meaningful with my time. I decided to not avoid the feeling and experience it for some time. When I felt it wasn't interesting anymore, it didn't go away, but I didn't think about it anymore. Then I had an idea for drawing and did that. Afterwards there was no anger left. I felt full, but hm.. maybe not as happy as I would want to be in that environment? Unclear.
After I was done drawing, I felt like making some music. But for that maybe the background music is too much.

I have this image in my head to build games with my team. And i feel this experience didn't bring me closer to that point. Somehow this is where my anger is. I want to be in spaces where people create, and where I can create. Where we see and review each others work. Do -> Interact -> connect.

And a little bit I'm angry that I can't draw the trousers I want to draw. Thin, big, a big soft gummy but strong band around the belly. Smaller gummy bands around the legs. Cloudy volume. Maybe linen.

Well, at least now I know I'm not shy, as I always thought. It's just not the kind of environment where I can interact with people in ways I deem reasonable.