---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: false
daily-mind: false
daily-gamedev: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-04-04|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-04-05]] ==>[[Journal/2023-04-06|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-04-05"))
)
```



# Journaling

I think some people struggle with that I post my journals online in public, so currently I feel like pressure not to commit my stuff to github.
I want to commit my stuff to git though.
And I can't use a private Github repo unless I can pay Github again, or they accept me as a non-paying pro user for my Open Source contributions. Not even sure if they have a program for that.
I also want to figure out if I could and should switch to Gitlab, as Gitlab itself is Open Soiurce software, while Github's software is not Open Source afaik. Well, some is, but not as much.

Also, I really struggle with the public transport situation. Altogether I have like 200€ including cash right now, and it will be quite some time until I get money from the government, as the Easter holidays are approaching and apparently there's already the Easter vacation. Despite that and due to multiple misunderstandings, UX fails, and raw mistakes on my part, I paid over 150€ for last month's public transport usage, although I basically was only using Berlin AB zone. For this month I already(!) bought the 9€ ticket, which is the right ticket for homeless people. But you need to enter a customer number for it to be valid. That is wrong. The rules are wrong. I should only be required to enter my name. Anyways. So I need to enter that number. I don't have such a number. I need to apply for that number. No clue yet how long that takes and what is necessary. But one requirement is that my Jobcenter gives me or signs me up to some document that I can hand in with the public transport companies.

All this overhead is again just making it harder to be homeless. How are homeless people supposed to get back into the system if they spend half a day waiting for food, half a day waiting for shower, half a day waiting to enter a sleeping location, have to constantly stay in contact with all their debtors, have to constantly hand in documents with the Jobcenter, because the Jobcenter will not contribute 1% to their end of the Mitarbeit until you have done like 120% of your end, and then cannot even drive to any of these stakeholders because they don't have the public transport account number they can put into their ticket.

Just as a side note: As driving public transport without a ticket is a criminal offence, and you can only teach kids without a criminal record, I think there's a >30% risk that I will at some point involuntarily stop teaching kids. No clue what I can do to limit this risk besides jumping the hurdles instead of contributing.

## How would a system look like that works better?

A core problem of the current system is that being homeless or relying on financial government support means you constantly need to proof that you are contributing to getting your needs met. We don't need to proof though,that we have needs. Food and shelter and health care are basic needs that every human has.
You won't be able to convince the whole of humanity though, that others get things for free while they have to work to meet their needs.
Maybe there should be easier ways for making these non-financial contributions like volunteering. That's basically also where both my work for people (volunteering) and my work for myself (applying to social support from the government) are competing for my time. First ideas would be, if I apply for volunteering work some of the paper work can already be used for social support, e.g. as proof of Mitarbeit.
I'll check how much of that is already in place by getting documents for my volunteering work and sending them to the corresponding offices.

TODO: more ideas

---
I also was in this film makers community. I love the idea and I love all the new skills i can learn there. I'm not sure if this is another of these transformation tasks. Then I would need a more official assignment, and need to know in some way if my request for payment gets accepted or not.
If it's a community for me to live in, it might simply not be the one as we don't share enough similar values and my gamedev activities don't fully overlap with the community.
If I join a community as a task, I will only do it with clear goals and payment.
If I join a community for myself, I expect that I can build relationships there that I can keep, and will look out that the values match.