---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-09|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-10]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-11|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-10"))
)
```



# Journaling

The last few days had a really depressing room. The room was dark, not well architected, bad air flow, chaotic, too full, hard to keep clean, the people were also depressed, low self-care, self-respect, always half sleeping, weird bed times, not greeting each other, considering each other etc. The perfect environment to have a break down. Instead, I managed to create new content every day. Not as much as I wanted, but noticable increments. Quite proud of not being that influenced by my environment anymore.

Today I'm switching to another room. I hope it's bigger, brighter again, and that there are a few sociable people around, or at least people that don't make the mood worse.

Also, masturbated again. Doing it really rarely these days, as I want to keep the horny energy going, and hope for a way to have actual sex. Masturbating was also a great experience, though. It seems like I'm almost completely independent of external stimuli now, can just focus on the sensations in my body, and the expectation of sensations to come. And oh boy, the feeling just from a soft touch... it's almost better than orgasm. That(!) is what I call motivation to extend the up-time.