---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-16|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-17]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-18|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-17"))
)
```



# Journaling

For the second time I was in a situation yesterday evening, where my arousal was triggered neither by visual input nor audio input. That reminds me again of my theory that sometimes a woman's body wants to reproduce but she decides against it for various social and psychological reasons. I assume she's then facing this inner war between the part of her that wants to reproduce and the part of her that wants to stay independent. And I assume that her body fights for its goals by releasing pheromones, which then trigger me as a man. I'm much more able to handle this situation this time, now that I have a general idea what I'm dealing with.
Really feeling pity for the women in these situations, though, if my theory is correct. As we often don't notice the war we fight inside of ourselves, it will feel exhausting to her to just "be normal" (and not engage with the men around her), and it must seem like so many men around her are hunting her without her doing anything to encourage them.

With my own desire to make babies, which is increased by such an experience, I personally feel quite comfortable, maybe even a little proud. It's a healthy feeling to have, and the more I am not controlled by my horniness, the more I can enjoy such spikes of excitement, even if they don't lead to more.

There is no further attraction between the two of us, as far as I can detect it. And there are no situations in which we can learn to know each other better. So no further attraction can develop. In regards of seriously finding partners, it's another opportunity that mostly just looks like one, without actually containing any opportunity that I could pursue.