---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
daily-poker: true
mood: too-slow
---

[[Journal/2023-01-29|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-01-30]] ==>[[Journal/2023-01-31|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-01-30"))
)
```



# Journaling

Worked more on [[Create optimistic Sci-Fi world]]. Thought about what I could learn from [[Howto Create a Character]] for [[Character Nova]].
Maybe a year or two ago it was quite appealing to me to deal with the conflict between these two movies:
 - Whiplash - sacrifice everything to become extremely good at something; for quite some time that was my goal in life.
 - Soul - recognise that only following your goals leaves you hollow; therefore appreciate life as it happens to you instead of pushing too hard to achieve your goals

Thanks to today's research I can also add:
 - Rain Man - failing to achieve your goals despite overcommitment, but realising on the path what you truly value and that this is actually possible for you: in this case human connection.
 - Social Network - succeeding at your goals through overcommitment, but realising that you can't get human connection through financial and political success.

I feel like both pursuit and relaxation makes me happy, but neither I want too much or alone without the other.
I'm not sure I'm in pursuit of deeper connections, though. What does deeper connection even look like? Do I know people who are able to have deeper connections and enjoy them? What do they feel is missing to go into deeper connections with me?
How can I apply this to my Characters? :D

I also admire the open licensing model that was first pursued by Wizards of the Coast for some time and now apparently by [Paizo](https://paizo.com/community/blog/v5748dyo6si7v). I think it's fair that a game rule maker and a world builder get a share but usually in today's markets the shares are ridiculously too high. Also, having a rule that you can revoke a license agreement any time you feel like it, that gives a power imbalance between different content creators which the licenses will always try to avoid. An open license allows fair negotiation between the content creators and doesn't mean the world or rule builders get nothing from the profits of their users.