---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: false
daily-mind: false
daily-gamedev: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-19|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-20]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-21|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

Figure out how to budget with irregular income.

 - [ ] Spending analysis (categories)
 - [ ] Figure out a lowest amount of income, or maybe income slices? (certain, likely, hopeful)
 - [ ] Barebones survival budget (basic eating, minimum payments on debt, insurance, no subscriptions, no gifts, no going out)
 - [ ] Emergency fund - surprise expenses
 - [ ] "Hills & Valleys fund" - it's a tight month, pull from here (Tagesgeld)
 - [ ] Future Goals that need savings get a savings fund
 - [ ] money that isn't used is invested somehow
 - [ ] keine einzugsermächtigungen wo möglich


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-20"))
)
```



# Journaling

Hm. In exchange for volunteering in the film project, apparently I had to pay ~10€ and 4 hours additionally to the normal daily expenses. Was thinking about what kind of constructive feedback could be hidden in this unconstructive, disrespectful response. Maybe Berlin is trying to tell me that volunteering is spare time activity and not work and that I should first focus on making an income?

I mean this could have very well been a job interview project, couldn't it? For 150k€ I could see myself helping the Berlin film industry go through the current digital transformation. I'm unsure how I could make this an official, professional offer and to whom. Maybe I could ask my current contact to introduce me to the people in their work environment that can make such kind of freelancer contracts with me?

Additionally, I feel like my opportunities as open source software engineer have exponentially grown. Now for ADHD people like me it's important to spend some time figuring out which small slice of that big pie might be a next reasonable step from where I'm coming from.

I definitely rather want to learn Rust than C++, for instance. And I definitely want to rather continue finishing games rather than fixing bugs in the engine. My hope with building games is this:
If I fix code and I get paid per hour, then I spend 10 hours and get 100x currency for it. But if i build a game, it can be a source of income for the rest of my life. It's a real and proper financial investment to build and sell games. Even if the income in the beginning is marginal.
On the othre hand, it is super important to have social credit in the tooling community that I rely on. So helping with building the tooling and having insider knowledge into the source code is also a long-term investment, but of a completely different kind.
And maybe there's even more that I don't know yet, where the skills I build in the game industry can also be applied in other areas.

While I think about it, I want to continue finishing my current game. Done is better than perfect. And this is even feedback I get from my Berlin environment.

PS: As I'm still building my base and enviornment it's still tough to even think about vacation planning. Currently, my curiousity is prioritised this way:
 1. South East Asia; probably Bangkok or Tokyo (Isn't Tokyo too far north to be considered SEA?)
 2. Amsterdam
 3. London
 4. Boston
 5. Silicon Valley

I also get nudges towards Sicily, all manner of Spanish speaking countries, and maybe a little bit France? The nudgers and I are still exploring how that could fit my personal interests, though.

And how can I plan such a vacation if I have almost zero funds? Should I plan that if my goal is to get paid 150k with 150k and delay the corresponding yearly plan until I actually get that money somehow?

Last but not least, I feel almost at ease now to do all my financial planning here in the open. I think the biggest problem I have is not that someone would steal my money, but that people think I use money in different ways than what they would have given it to me for. So if they see that I (a) don't have that much and (b) I actually really use it mostly for daily needs and even try to improve the usage there (e.g. cooking instead of restaurants), then the worries would calm down, I assume.

PPS: The 10€ surprise cost could also be a response to my little ego trip where I was proud of my sports results, maybe? Like "Yeah okay, feedback accepted. But we are better at making a budget. :P"