---
type: daily
sports-warmup: true
sports-jogging: true
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-17|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-18]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-19|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-18"))
)
```



# Journaling

Hm... I just realised that when I'm one of the event organisers I have to think different about the free food than I have before as a participant. As participant all food that is offered for free is just like that: You take it, you eat it, you leave something for others. That's it.
But as event organisers you want to feed both your participants and your staff, and financially the "free" food is not free at all for you, and both food groups might come out of completely different financial buckets. If I want to be able to share the responsibility, I should be more conscious of these kind of financial buckets and only take from the one that is associated to my current role.

Also, I'm getting quite a lot of very indiret music triggers today. Not sure if they are on purpose. If they are, really good work! I want to learn why they worked at triggereing these associations!

Interesting to review these old lyrics. When you are in the mood of "What could have been (Arcane OST)", you really think "we had everything", while actually the source of that mood is a co-dependent relationship where you actually had nothing but your fantasies of... what could have been. Since I deconstructed this state of mind, I often wonder why we create such fantasies of a perfect reality that never actually existed and our pain and sorrow of not having that anymore. Why do we want to miss it like something we lost, instead of using such a vision as a projection for the future to work towards? This desire to miss something and be sad. Why does it give people value? "Time is an illusion that helps things make sense"?

And while we are at it, is movie such an addictive entertainment because you can go back and relive the same situation again, not just in your head? Would a game win feel more rewarding when the player gets to see a fast rewind of their playthrough after?

Also now I'm in a film maker space. That is a space where in theory the people are that create emotions, right? But most people here act very uncscious towards their own shame and sadness. Doesn't mean I'm not happy here. It's pretty good here. I'm just surprised.