---
type: daily
sports-warmup: true
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
daily-poker: true
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-05|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-06]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-07|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-06"))
)
```



# Journaling

When I have a clear goal and a plan to reach that goal and a pretty good confidence to execute the plan, I now react rarely to suggestions that don't clearly show how they might need a change of plan or a change of goals or how they actually help me achieve my goals faster, ie. suggestions without good context get mostly ignored.

That has the advantage that I can work more consistently toward my goals and increment daily on my projects. However, I wonder if I miss good or maybe even critical suggestions from time to time which simply lacked context because the signal-giver was not aware we didn't share the same context, ie. we both lose due to their unaware lack of skills or information. I wonder if there's something I could do better, some way to turn this into a win-win. Maybe I could motivate people to give more context in general? Will this factor maybe also increase if I succeed more with creating work spaces of honesty and high standards? Or maybe I could share my suggestions in a way that at first is frustratingly context-free and then gets more enlightening when one digs deeper, thereby creating an awareness of when suggestions lack context and when they are good?

Currently, I still feel too new in the realm of predictability myself to already take the next step. But that might be it.