---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
daily-poker: false
mood: meh
---

[[Journal/2023-02-03|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-02-04]] ==>[[Journal/2023-02-05|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-02-04"))
)
```



# What do I want to accomplish today? What would make me proud?

I'd like to create the [[Sokoban game]] in Godot.
I'd like to make progress on the [[Mouses Maze Short Story|Maze story]] in some way. Why don't I have more specific steps?
I'd like to do some jogging around lunch time.

# Grateful for
The weather is really good today. My health seems to continue to improve.
A friend came with me to the library again.

What I get as food is currently not my choice. I'm happy that sometimes I get some healthy options. If I would get more, and be able to cook by myself, I'd prefer that.
But in lack of healthier options, I'm quite happy to also have some sugar. I want to get away from it, but it helps to cope when alternatives are limited. And I suppose as long as I keep my weight on the lower side, the health impact should be lower than the mental health impacts of neither having healthy nor sweet alternatives.

# Journaling

Got reminded of the [Gone Girl movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5fePn2jMfQ) I watched in the past. Almost forgot about it. Surprised that Chris Stuckmann is giving it so much praise. I remember it as two people faking life and love the whole time, i.e. nothing meaningful their whole life.
Managed some progress on the [[Sokoban game]].