---
type: daily
sports-warmup: false
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: false
daily-mind: false
daily-gamedev: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/<% tp.date.now("YYYY-MM-DD",-1,tp.file.title,"YYYY-MM-DD") %>|Yesterday]] <== [[<% tp.date.now("YYYY-MM-DD",0,tp.file.title,"YYYY-MM-DD") %>]] ==>[[Journal/<% tp.date.now("YYYY-MM-DD",+1,tp.file.title,"YYYY-MM-DD") %>|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-04-14"))
)
```



# Journaling

Yesterday evening the Volkshochschule Neukölln really decided to book the full ~100€ for that didn't really happen. To me such a situation usually means that I don't want to work with that organisation. I wonder though, if there a way to handle such a situation that drives more towards my goals, which should also be their goals actually, e.g. that I help them train their citizen in IT skills.

Just now I had a situation with a Tagesspiegel sales employee. I was telling him that I reject free 4-week newspaper offers, as the one time I tried it I ended up having to pay for 12 months of news paper that I didn't need nor want.
His argument was that it is basically like seeing a red light and crossing the street anyway. This was so illogical in my eyes that I wasn't even able to parse this anymore.

I think his actual argument wanted to be that you should learn the rules and follow the rules and then you win the competition over the limited resource that is money. And where I'm angry because I experience this as theft, he gets angry because I reject his competition idea.

In the end both these arguments don't lead us anywhere, though. I think we would both prefer an outcome where the reporters can deliver high quality news, that I need and use and am interested in, that I want to pay money for and that therefore the sales representative can also take a cut from.

And I tried that before as well. In a similar situation I was in a surprise pay-contract with a company for telephone support, where I actually just wanted to test them through their free test offer. I didn't join a competition. I wanted both of us to make money, together, by collaborating towards my possible customers. When I found I struggle actually getting customers and actually getting paid, I did communicate with them that I was seeking a way to actually make a profit I can pay them from. But they just wanted me to continue paying. But if I have no income, I can't pay them. Even if I would somehow agree with their competition.

So the whole thing broke down, even though I tried to turn it around. This is probably also why I'm so emotional when I met the sales representative.

At first, there needs to be a reasonable service that I can provide and get paid for. Otherwise, there's no money to compete over.

That makes me wonder though, if the situation with the Jobcenter, where they only pay me 1 of 4 possible months, because they want to ensure that I would compete to actually get money when I can?

Maybe that also means in Berlin in general there's the assumption that money can only be gotten through competition, and that the competition itself is more important than providing a service, as there will always be people who will want to provide a service anyways, even if you don't.

My perspective is that there is always less amount and less quality of service than is actually needed for people to enjoy life. Therefore, we must always strive to provide better and more service. Which also means, there isn't even that much time to compete, as any competition time could be used to provide more or better service.

Isn't there any way to convince people that this is also good for them, even if they don't agree with my world view?