---
type: daily
sports-warmup: true
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
daily-poker: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-04|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-05]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-06|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-05"))
)
```



# Journaling

[This video about wave function collapse](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20KHNA9jTsE) shows a lot about why I currently want to generate 2D spaces like mazes and dungeons in a 2D space. In the end it should have 3D terrain and 3D graphics. But I develop towards there step-by-step.
I wish the end result of DV Gen's (video creator) research would be a plugin in Godot that I could simply use after studying the basic algorithms and doing one or two experimental games by myself.

I also want to say more about why autonomous NPC actors are so interesting to me. I believe they are a critical part of getting a generated world right. First of all, when the NPCs are only standing around like in the older Elder Scrolls games, it always looks unrealistic as hell. They should at least move between a day- and a night-time location (which for the standard worker might be sleep-at-night and work-at-day, but for the barkeeper might be sleep-at-day and work-at-night). And they should react to major world changes. Second, it enables a breathing world like in the X series, when every actor is constantly reacting to their local environment, and eg. moves away from a space that is now predominantly owned by a species that makes their life uncomfortable, e.g. Borg now conquered human colony, therefore human survivors try to migrate to another planet.