---
type: daily
sports-warmup: true
sports-jogging: false
daily-language: true
daily-mind: true
daily-poker: false
mood: ???
---

[[Journal/2023-03-03|Yesterday]] <== [[2023-03-04]] ==>[[Journal/2023-03-05|Tomorrow]]


# Tasks for the Day

fill by hand


# Queried Tasks Due Today

```dataviewjs
dv.taskList(
  dv.pages().file.tasks
  .where(t => t.text.includes("2023-03-04"))
)
```



# Journaling
[This blog article about Open Street Map hacking](https://volkerkrause.eu/2023/03/04/osm-hack-weekend-karlsruhe-february-2023.html) gives me the context to engage with [this overview](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7028324140444999680/). In many regards the OSM stuff is similar to the game development stuff I'm currently doing. Also thanks to the overview article, I see how I can do it with Python, my main language. I'm also currently thinking where [my long-term research topic, i.e. my niche](https://www.jasss.org/4/1/reviews/kluegl.html), could be, and find there's a lot of AI, another topic where Python is very present. Last but not least, [I have just puchased a ridiculous amount of python + game dev courses on Humble Bundle](https://academy.zenva.com/purchased-courses/).
All these things connect different strings that have pulled me into different directions in the past, I feel all of these contain something that is me as well, and I feel these are areas where I either already have a pretty good foundation, or a deep enough interest to build a competitive advantage even if it takes longer than expected.

What I currently think about is whether I should set myself a time limit (e.g. a week) in which time frame I will build the best thing I can on a given task, no matter what other inputs come, or whether I want to build something to a conclusive, measurable result even if it takes longer. I feel external pressure to the first and personal desire to the latter.

In terms of gaming I can clearly say, that I don't really feel a desire to continue with Half Life 2. It would be great to know the story, but I might be able to watch a 2 hour YT video for that. For gaming it's too streamlined for me. E.g. I can play with the physics, but I can't play with the physics and the NPCs, e.g. to make the guards angry and therefore open another path for me to explore. Not having these options is terribly boring. Today I found that one of the most annoying guys in my hostel is actually playing Europa Universalis 4, one of my favourite game. So I might check this out again. It has maps, it has swarm intelligence topics, it has a generative story and complexity, it has leadership training topics, and if I remember correctly, it runs natively on linux. I still feel ashamed to not continue on my current Godot project, but can calm my guilt a little by also having an imbalanced day and trying to get back to a more balanced mood.

I think I also understand now why I never got into Dwarf Fortress. It might have depth in terms of randomness and complexity, but it doesn't really seem to have complexity in terms of interacting systems that much. E.g. there's a complex body part system, but besides maybe limiting one unit's fighting capability it doesn't really influence interactions that much. It also doesn't influence city building that much if one dwarf has one fewer leg than the others. So, my expectation of the depth is limited. At the same time the UI is so clunky, at least in the free version, that the expected learning curve is enourmous to even get to that complexity. Similar to Eve Online, if the cost of getting to the fun is so much higher than the expected fun, one simply doesn't want to engage with it. Makes me curious, though what people get out of the first few dozen hours who finally end up having fun with it.

PS: Still wondering if I should buy a steam deck. Considering my current financial situation it's a ridiculous choice, but in itself it has many advantages. Since it's running Linux I would expect it to completely replace a laptop, and being a better, more flexible Nintendo Switch alternative as well.

PPS: Really waiting for how Rust can fit into this without having to drop all the other meaningful strings without having more context of how Rust will be helpful to my life.